Kryvos
========

Kryvos is a file encryptor and decryptor. It encrypts files with AES using the Botan cryptography library.

Getting Started
---------------
To install Krvyos, run the installer executable or extract the files from the Kryvos archive. Once the install files are copied, run the Kryvos executable. More detailed instructions can be found in the INSTALL file.

Theming
-------
Kryvos supports user theming. To create your own theme, start with the kryvos.qss file in the themes directory as your template. The kryvos.qss file is a stylesheet file that has syntax very similar to CSS. Colors, fonts, and many other attributes can be styled. Save your stylesheet file inside of the themes folder. To apply your theme to Kryvos, edit the settings.ini file located in the same directory as kryvos.exe. Change the value styleSheetPath to your newly created stylesheet file.

Example: You created a new theme and saved the stylesheet to myTheme.qss in the themes folder. You would then update settings.ini with this value: styleSheetPath=myTheme.qss

Licenses
--------
Kryvos is licensed under the GNU GPL License. Read LICENSE.GPL for more information about the license.
Kryvos source code and binaries are available on GitHub at https://github.com/adolby/Kryvos

Botan is licensed under the BSD-2 License. Read the Botan License file for more information about the license. It can also be found at http://botan.randombit.net/license.html 
Botan source code is available at http://botan.randombit.net/download.html

Qt is licensed under the GNU GPL License. Read LICENSE.GPL for more information about the license.
Qt source code is available at http://qt-project.org/downloads

Developers
----------
If you'd like to contribute to Kryvos, check the project out on GitHub. To build Kryvos, you'll need Qt 5 and Botan 1.11. Development is performed primarily in Qt Creator with gcc. (gcc from MinGW-w64 on Windows)

Windows
A build of Botan performed with gcc from MinGW-w64 for x64 and x86 is located in the include and lib folders in the Kryvos Github repository. You can use that build or configure and build your own.
To build Kryvos for x64 or x86, comment and uncomment the lines for x64 or x86, respectively, in the kryvos.pro file.

Linux
A build of Botan performed with gcc for x86_64 and x86 is located in the include and lib folders in the Kryvos Github repository. You can use that build or configure and build your own.
To build Kryvos for x86_64 or x86, comment and uncomment the lines for x86_64 or x86, respectively, in the kryvos.pro file.

Contact
-------
You can contact the project creator via email at andrewdolby@gmail.com